>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
our mission was to update the title bar
based on whether or not the application
was in an edited state.
And then we're gonna take that
one step further by enabling or
disabling the buttons based
on the editing state.
And then we'll kind of do a bonus run for
some MAC OS specific integration.
We have it in this update user interface,
we just need to basically do something
similar to what we have above.
So we could say, if isEdited,
we can further modify that title, and
we'll say, again, I left it up to you
on exactly how you wanted to do that.
If you want to put an asterisk,
if you want to put edited, colon,
whatever, I'm gonna go with edited.
If yours is slightly different,
that is very okay.
We'll go ahead and refresh this, and
I can see that as soon as I start typing,
I have that edited.
If I delete it all the way
back to its original state,
and those strings match again,
it's no longer edited.
Let's go ahead and open a file.
>> Steve Kinney: Edited,
not edited, it's oddly gratifying
to change the window title.
I understand that I'm doing that multiple
times but it makes me feel good and
sometimes this is about me, all right.
So let's do a few other things,
we wanted to enable those buttons so
we have the saveMarkdownButton.
And we have to do a little bit of reverse
logic here, cuz the property is disabled.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll do the same for
the,
>> Steve Kinney: SaveHtmlButton.
Go ahead and refresh that.
>> Steve Kinney: So
save file and save html.
Actually save html should
always be enabled.
We actually want a revert button.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
now our user interface responds based
on whether or not we edited the state.
We can see the file name in there as well.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
all right, next view,
little tricks that we're
gonna do are Mac OS specific.
Now even if you're on a Windows
computer or Linux computer,
there is a nonzero chance that the person
running the application could be on
Mac OS but you won't be able to see
anything on your system currently.
That's okay, cuz later when
we get to application menus,
the roles will be reversed.
And the Mac users will have to do
extra work to have a very simple,
easy functionality.
So it's all even.
It's all a game of give or take here.
But right now, we're gonna do one or
two things just to make it feel a little
bit more like a native application.
If I open up a true Mac app,
this is TextMate.
This is a text editor, and I save a file,
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, show untitled.
Save it to the desktop.
You can see a few things going on here.
One is I have this little file icon here,
and
if I actually hit Cmd+Click,
this will work in any native Mac app.
You can kind see the entire file tree and
open that up in finder.
And you can also see that if it's unsaved,
I got a little dot here
in the Close button.
This signify I have unsaved changes.
That is built in to native MacOS.
It would be cool if our
application had the same thing.
So we can do that pretty easily,
cuz Electron has access to those APIs
in the same way that it had access to
open up a file dialogue on Windows or
Mac OS or Linux or
anything along those lines.
So what we can do is that little file icon
here, it's called the represented file.
And so what we can basically say is,
>> Steve Kinney:
currentWindow.setRepresentedFilename(file-
Path), and we can do currentWindow.
>> Steve Kinney: SetDocumentEdited
to isEdited, right?
And these will just further modify that
title bar to make it basically fit in
a little bit more with
the Mac OS operating system.
So now we'll go ahead.
Let's open a file.
>> Steve Kinney: You can see,
I've got the little icon up here.
And I can click it and I can see where it
was in the file system just like if it was
an application built on Cocoa.
And if I change it, you can see that I've
got the little dark dot here as well.
So basically it fits in, right.
Now we could listen for a Window close
event and alert them about unsafe changes.
It's very much the same that we
would do it in the client as well.
That'll work, right.
You can have an event listener for that.
We're not gonna do that right now,
cuz we're going to do some more Electron
specific stuff but I'll leave
that as an exercise to the reader